# JBP-268 - StudioDAO MVP launch grant
```plain text
Author:Kenbot.eth
Date: (2022-9-22)
```

## Synopsis

JuiceboxDAO helps people confidently run programmable and community funded treasuries from startup to scale, openly on Ethereum. 

To fulfill on this mission JuiceboxDAO should support the development of experimental DAOs built using Juicebox protocol primitives.

StudioDAO is an experiential media collective that intends to grow into the first million person green-light committee.

StudioDAO enables a future where the production of ambitious creative projects is limited only by our ability to build and share value in a coordination platform inhabited by a million true fans.

StudioDAO innovates in the following areas to accomplish this:

- NFT based membership in StudioDAO, unifying multiple sub-communities across Juicebox entry points.

- DAO Approval of Juicebox configurations as defined by CSV templates enforces Network rules.

- Contractual relationships with Filmmakers that deliver backend participation in community funded films. Revenue is deposited in the U.N.A.’s juicebox and funds the U.N.A.’s Green-light grants, creating a regenerative loop of filmmaking and film distribution revenue.

- DAO structure that supports on-chain and IRL activity, with a path to true decentralization.

- A carefully defined feature set that supports global participation.

- StudioDAO utilizes the Juicebox protocol for long term community development and operation.

## Motivation

StudioDAO is preparing for launch rapidly after the availability of NFT Rewards.

We have V.01 of our MVP at [http://app.studiodao.xyz](http://app.studiodao.xyz/) which aggregates your ticket balance from juiceboxes that are a part of the studiodao network on rinkeby.

The MVP user journey is described[ ](https://www.notion.so/Defifa-8644f449958e4d9bb632cb5a46708fb6)in this [figma](https://www.figma.com/file/GIRjhdz7wh64XUAaQee5kp/MVP-Product-Journey?node-id=0%3A1).

This effort will show a new use case for Juicebox. Creating a meta-community with a long term proposition incorporatIng Juicebox token generation from a diversity of sources into a single community, and the connection of real world contractual relationships to this on–chain community.

The visibility of the creatives who are prepared to participate will also bring attention to the innovation of the juicebox platform and community. Our first filmmakers are ready to begin their adventure with StudioDAO & Juicebox as soon as we can launch the MVP.

## Specification

StudioDAO needs support to complete our MVP, launch our first films and begin to operate community governance of the green-light treasury.

One immediate need is for a dedicated front-end developer to clean up the current app and to lead the development of an opinionated StudioDAO UX.  This opinionated UX will integrate Juicebox NFT sales and the Green-light treasury snapshot components into a single experience.

This work will happen in coordination with efforts at Peel and JB as mutually agreeable.

StudioDAO requests $35,000 to support this effort.

- 20,000 to support the development of the MVP

	- 5K for front end development

	- 5K for UX development

	- 5K for Filmmaker NFT Rewards GTM efforts

	- 5K for Filmmaker Pipeline Development

- 15,000 to fund the Green-light treasury

	- Enable our regenerative loop to operate for our earliest members

As soon as the StudioDAO U.N.A. Juicebox is deployed, JuiceboxDAO will payout $35k to the StudioDAO U.N.A. Juicebox, generating Green-light Power for JBDAO to participate in StudioDAO U.N.A. governance.

Any leftover funds in the treasury after the MVP launch will be used to support the StudioDAO mission.

## Rationale

StudioDAO is utilizing Juicebox to create a groundbreaking entertainment experience that empowers film fans like never before. StudioDAO demonstrates long term, real world value creation and a use case for Juicebox that will onboard 1000s of influential new users including the filmmakers who are ready to bring the DAO to life.

## Risks

This project is complex. Technical, legal, operational or creative issues may limit our ability to execute and successfully launch StudioDAO.

## Timeline

Now. 
