# JBP-284 - Revoke JBP-186: Launch Treasury Management
```plain text
Author: filipv
Date: 2023-10-23
```

## Thesis

Revoke the entirety of JBP-186 - Launch Treasury Management.

## Motivation

[JBP-186 - Launch Treasury Management](https://juicetool.xyz/snapshot/jbdao.eth/proposal/0xfce85632456d2cb91cd8361c0f79707de7a4ef4608912ab0d01c9d8abb5619d5) was approved without a clear path towards or guidelines for its execution.

[JBP-188 - Amend JBP-186 - Launch Treasury Management](https://juicebox.notion.site/Amend-JBP-186-Launch-Treasury-Management-6a382932a8c34878be0ad31e1e4dad20) attempted to clarify these ambiguities but failed to pass temperature check.

[JBP-264 - Update Treasury Management](https://juicetool.xyz/snapshot/jbdao.eth/proposal/0xfc680aa82f73458a6f02659065c182125bb6d73bac4539a5ee3767f12a71bcc0), a proposal which attempted to rectify outstanding portions of JBP-186, saw some support but failed to reach Snapshot quorum.

Market conditions, as well as the DAO’s circumstances, have changed considerably since JBP-186 was originally approved. Contributors which would have otherwise stewarded such a process are no longer active Juicebox contributors. Juicebox should aim to resolve any outstanding governance proposals.

## Specification

- Multisig to unwrap 1,205.31527829 wETH in exchange for ETH.

- Multisig to add the resulting ETH to the balance of the JuiceboxDAO v1 treasury.

- Revoke the entirety of JBP-186 - Launch Treasury Management.

## Rationale

JuiceboxDAO’s v2 and forthcoming v3 treasury do not have the balances necessary to support redemption (and as such have redemption disabled). Until a v1 -> v2/3 token migration can take place, the DAO should concentrate the majority of its ETH in its v1 treasury to support redemption.

## Risks

Revoking this proposal leaves the DAO with no clear plan for treasury management, which leaves the DAO with high exposure to ETH (and its volatility).

## Timeline

Effective upon this proposal’s passing. To be executed within the following 30 days.
