# JBP-288 - Renew and Increase Reoccurring Payout For Lexicon Devils/Forming
```plain text
Author: Lexicon Devils
Date: (2022-11-04)
```

## Synopsis

Renew and increase Lexicon Devils recurring payout to continue the Forming concert series as well as maintenance to the Voxels JBX HQ parcel.

## Motivation

FORMING is a virtual concert series ran by Lexicon Devils showcasing artists and how Juicebox protocol can be utilized to host events by transparently paying out musicians as well as contributors. As Forming matures as a presence in the metaverse, it has become clear more resources are needed to run a cohesive and consistent program. This proposal would insure the proper funds to payout the LD production crew to continue running the FORMING program as well as continuing to pay out the selected monthly artists. This would entice more artists, musicians and web3 communities to directly interact with Juicebox through Forming. We will continue to experiment with NFT rewards and other Juicebox features to further show how Juicebox can be used to manage any creative project. Creating content and tutorials that relate more directly to musicians and artists interested in web3 to make Forming, thus making Juicebox a platform for the “underground” of NFTs.

## Specification

$8350 USD into the Lexicon Devils Juicebox every two weeks for the next 6 FC’s

Per FC budget:
- $1750 to Forming
- $6600 to Lexicon Devils Production Crew

## Rationale

Having a dedicated fund going towards the arts, sponsoring cultural events strengthens the ties between artists & engineers, deepening the creative talent pool of not only the Juicebox ecosystem but Ethereum at large. Juicebox is a prime example of a DAO who sets the cultural tone, in touch with the current zeitgeist of crypto & DAOs. It’s a natural next step for the Lexicon Devils & Juicebox partnership to continue leading the scene in making creative spaces online for artists & engineers, a cultural scheilling point for a new era of the internet.

## Risks

Lexicon Devils and FORMING audience fail to understand or adopt JBX. Bear market fud too dominant and crypto skepticism too great creating an uphill battle making expanding our outreach almost impossible. This would result in failure to provide impactful marketing creating greater Juicebox awareness, small turn outs, lackluster experiences, and minimal actual benefit to Juicebox protocol.

## Timeline

As soon as snapshot passes.
