# JBP-287 - DrGorilla.eth payout renewal
```plain text
Author: DrGorilla.eth#8862
Date: 2022-11-04
```

## Synopsis

Renew the recurring payout of DrGorilla.eth as contract engineer

## Motivation

Previous renewal here for context: 

- Based on the previous renewal, I’ve met the following targets:

	- develop new treasury extensions: I have done a few ones of my todo list (NFT Reward mostly, I’ve helped a bit in Defifa but rather a marginal help tbh, various allocator, including the one mentioned in the below implementation) and still work on others

	- Find bugs: I’ve found quite a few ones (including _after_ NFT Reward Code4rena) while helping the effort to address the ones discovered by C4 wardens

	- Juicebox on L2/Sidechain: This is now designed as an allocator (for now) which still need to be build based on the swap allocator (Nomad being still recovering from its tragic hack)

	- Help integration of new juicy features, via discord, on a daily-ish basis


- I’m offering to continue working on this new set of domains:

	- Pursuing extension development: first the swap allocator (swapping a given payout to another token → get paid in dai without having a dai terminal for instance) then the bridge allocator (bridging a payout to another chain). The swap one is almost done tested, the bridge should be fairly easy to implement

	- Juicebox on L2: When NFTReward/Defifa are shipped (which is now-ish), this will free some more time to deploy “somewhere else”

	- find bugs - always, then smash them - hard

	- Other project (mostly extensions) are listed in my todo (which I’m updating sometimes, kinda): [https://discord.com/channels/775859454780244028/786985806396784690/974974959560585256](https://discord.com/channels/775859454780244028/786985806396784690/974974959560585256)

## Specification

Continue the current scheme wihle modifying the recipient address: send 18500$ worth of ETH to the address resolved by exhausted-pigeon.eth (the parent company of DrGorilla.eth), each FC, for a total of 6FC, from the V2 treasury.

<u>Upgradibility</u>: The target address might be updated to an allocator during this proposal’s life.

To avoid burdening the dao with a new vote to change the address, I suggest the following process, part of this proposal: “_DrGorilla.eth will transmit the new address in the multisig channel, for inclusion in the next funding cycle reconfiguration. This will be sent as a message signed by the DrGorilla.eth address private key. Upon verification of this signed message, the beneficiary addresses of DrGorilla in the payout group 1 (ETH payout) will be updated - the reserved address remains unchanged_”.

## Rationale

<u>Why keeping the ape?</u>
I have been an active contributor in Juicebox for more than a year.

I have been involved in designing and testing V2 and V3 as well as plenty of extensions, answering 2 audits, finding new bugs, addressing them,  developing new functionalities, processing code4arena contests, etc. I am at ease in Juicebox ecosystem code and mechanisms, which is much needed to safely ship additional features and to challenge the status quo when (imo) needed (including the bitmap mechanism in NFTReward, for a potentially huge gas saving, or the cloning pattern to avoid increasing the gas burden on users minting NFT). 

<u>Why keeping the payout unchanged?</u>
After an informal contributor poll and a quick research (data easily available on Twitter, other DAO’s forums, Google), this salary is expected for a contract engineer with a similar experience level (I coded part of the NFTRewardDeployer in bytecode [https://github.com/drgorillamd/clone-deployed-contract](https://github.com/drgorillamd/clone-deployed-contract)).
I’ve met previous objectives and have a set of updated ones of similar complexity.

## Risks

DrGorilla might disappear, stop producing quality code (potentially leading to a loss of treasury fund) or just start being an overall jerk.

## Timeline

Immediate effect

Proof of ownership: 
DrGorilla.eth current address signing the message (without “ ”): “exhausted-pigeon.eth”

{
"address": "0x6860f1a0cf179ed93abd3739c7f6c8961a4eea3c",
"msg": "0x6578686175737465642d706967656f6e2e657468",
"sig": "7ca1922689acb24bbce0c7648db83b6d64d22081b2743e558572768cfbafbcd900475b0f97de69d7b469ebdf9dae89c2980a52408326bc41956cc01ee3f8e0fa01",
"version": "3",
"signer": "MEW"
}
