# JBP-286 - Distribute the DAO’s Thirsty Thirsty Memberships
```plain text
Author: filipv
Date: 2022-11-03
```

## Thesis

Distribute the DAO’s Thirsty Thirsty XP memberships.

## Motivation

As part of [JBP-261 - $35k for DevCon Casa](https://juicetool.xyz/snapshot/jbdao.eth/proposal/0xbb9be15ce8a231861218fc907a0068bfbf289d3dbd49cfd85f10ae4ca56afa81), the DAO allocated “$10,000 to pay for Thirsty Thirsty XP memberships that’ll be leveraged as prizes throughout the week.”

This $10,000 constitutes ~28.57% of the 26.7786 ETH which was distributed to the [DevCon Casa project](https://juicebox.money/v2/p/228), equating to ~7.651 ETH worth of memberships. Thirsty Thirsty’s [Tier 1 Membership NFT](https://thirstythirsty-nft.herokuapp.com/) costs 0.4 ETH, meaning the DAO purchased **19 memberships**—none of which have been distributed.

Each membership comes with:

- 1 bottle of Collector Pinot Noir EXCLUSIVE to Thirsty Thirsty, made by Phelan Farm (Rajat Parr) + NFT art by Marleigh Culver as the wine label.

- Launch Party access to Thirsty Thirsty’s NFT NYC lunch.

- VIP Winery access.

- Digital workshops and healings.

- Future TT event access/member benefits for NFT holders.

- Fine art NFT by Marleigh Culver.

- VIP dining access at top restaurants.

- VIP Private Chef access.

- First access to TT travel experiences (ex: Harvest Experience, Ceremony in Amazonas).

## Specification

One membership NFT each to:

- Sage

- Zom

- Felixander

- Jigglyjams

- Burtula

- 0xSTVG

- Kenbot

- Rakelle

- filipv

- …

Any remaining memberships should be distributed to the DAO multisig for future use.

## Rationale

The DAO should roughly prioritize:

- Contributors who could not come to DevCon.

- Community members who could not come to DevCon.

- Contributors who went to DevCon.

- Community members who went to DevCon.

- Random anons.

## Risks

These memberships might be more effectively utilized in the future or in a different way (e.g. prizes in a competition, donated to charity, and so on).

## Timeline

If possible: to be distributed once Thirsty Thirsty has Juicebox NFT rewards.

Otherwise, to be distributed within 90 days of this proposal’s Snapshot ratification.
