# JBP-259 - @0xSTVG  payout renewal
```plain text
Author: 0xSTVG
Date: (2022-09-03)
```

## Thesis

Renew 0xSTVG recurring payout

## Motivation

My recurring payout is set to expire after FC #30

## Specification

Payout address: mcsa.eth

$5000 per FC

## Rationale

I have been focused primarily on 2 categories within Juicebox.

- Onboarding - setting up appointments with project creators and having a one on one conversation with them about what they are trying to accomplish with their project.  

- Business development and partnerships - This has ranged from trying to bridge connections between media and Juicebox as well as trying to work with groups that have web3 builders within them.  University web3 clubs has been one of my focus points but I am also doing a lot of outreach with in other DAOs, project builders and founders to see if there can be some overlap between their goals and JBs.  

As a result of some of the onboarding I have done, I have been able to catch some bugs with in the frontend and the protocol.  I have also had the opportunity to share some of my personal findings from project creators and have shared those thoughts with JB and Peel.  I believe JB values my opinion and trusts that I have a good pulse on what project creators are looking for.  

I want to continue to also add a social media presence.  The weekly threads keep the DAO informed on some of the topical data. Overall I believe I help the ecosystem.  I am always trying to connect people to help projects move forward.  

**Media**

[Defiant Podcast](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ObYlVZfO3sY)

Stanford Blockchain talk about Juicebox Architecture 

Web3 Galaxy Brain episode with Nader (I categorize this as JB related because of the partnership we are trying to strike with Developer Dao)

**Business Development**

Stanford Blockchain - in talks

UCI blockchain - in talks

Cal Berkeley Blockchain - in talks

University of New South Wales - in talks

Developer DAO (handed off to nicholas)

Since July 7, I have had 27 appointments for onboarding and that has evolved into countless “side” calls to continue to offer support. 

## Risks

I could stop doing work.  

## Timeline

FC#31
