# JBP-262 - $30k for Defifa
```plain text
Author: jango.eth
Date: (2022-09-09)
```

## Synopsis

JuiceboxDAO should support the development of experimental projects built using Juicebox protocol primitives, especially those that will offer generalized components that reduce the work and uncertainty of subsequent projects that wish to operate similar experiments.

The Defifa experimental project is built using the forthcoming NFTRewards infrastructure that’ll be deployed alongside the V3 protocol. It creates a team-based NFT tournament to accompany the 2022 World Cup, where each token’s redemption value is readjusted depending on the team’s performance.

The game is spec’d [here](/8644f449958e4d9bb632cb5a46708fb6) and conversation has been unfolding [here](https://discord.com/channels/775859454780244028/1012501341626699896). I’m very confident it can be built in time for the tournament given a month of attention from a dedicated front-end developer, contract developer, and designer supported by the usual cast of JuiceboxDAO contributors.

Jango will be the project manager and lead contract architect, and will try to allocate resources appropriately towards the success of the project.

## Motivation

The protocol’s infrastructure, the World Cup’s timing, and the current JuiceboxDAO personnel are ripe for the construction of Defifa. The NFTRewards extension is ready to be published, the World Cup is right around the corner in late November, and there’s a clear urge for experimenting with templated single-purpose treasuries that are owned by a set of fixed contractual rules instead of a governing entity.

This experiment will be generalizable such that it can be reused for subsequent tournament-style competitions. The website and contracts constructed for Defifa will focus on this one-time event, and will be built with generalization in mind to accommodate future iterations.

## Specification


JuiceboxDAO will payout $30,770 (comes to ~$30k after JBX fees) worth of ETH from its v1 treasury into the multisig as soon as possible.

As soon as the V3 treasury is deployed, JuiceboxDAO will send over the ETH balance from the payout to the to-be-deployed “Build Defifa” V3 treasury, owned by a 1/N multisig initially managed by Jango and JuiceboxDAO. 

The Defifa game will likely include a mechanism to payout a portion of its raised funds to the “Build Defifa” treasury, which JuiceboxDAO can reclaim funds from given its project token position from this grant. Do not count on this.

These funds are not meant to double-compensate workers already being supported by JuiceboxDAO — those being compensated for working on Defifa should not also include this work in future payout proposals to JuiceboxDAO.

Any leftover funds in the treasury after the game’s construction will be used to support future Defifa instances.

## Rationale

Payouts to contributors are best managed from a Juicebox treasury.

## Risks

The event’s timing is concrete, we have a tight deadline. If for any reason the project is not completed in time, we will complete the infra and use it for a future tournament style event.

## Timeline

As soon as possible.
