# JBP-239 - DrGorilla.eth payout renewal
```plain text
Author:DrGorilla.eth#8862
Date: (YYYY-MM-DD)
```

## Thesis

Having met it’s expiration, renew the current recurring payout of DrGorilla.eth as contract engineer.

## Motivation

Juicebox V2 being live on mainnet, the need of Solidity developers well versed in Juicebox V2 codebase is needed, in various areas.
For instance:
- develop new (or extending current) treasury extensions (see for instance the thread ``DrG todo`` [https://discord.com/channels/775859454780244028/786985806396784690/974974959560585256](https://discord.com/channels/775859454780244028/786985806396784690/974974959560585256) for some ideas of coming ones - this list is not limitative)
- (ideally) find bugs (or gather the ones found by third parties) and address them (wether by coding or reviewing/testing a suggested fix), in both our existing codebase or in future extensions of it
- Juicebox on L2/sidechain: a first experiment of Juicebox use between two testnets has been done today (see [https://discord.com/channels/775859454780244028/969921228435501076/1001930438119534615](https://discord.com/channels/775859454780244028/969921228435501076/1001930438119534615)), being a feedback a lot of contributors had, we should continue pursuing that effort of being multichain
- Pursue helping on the integration of all these new fun-ctionalities on the gold standard frontend, juicebox.money

This is a non exhaustive list, only our creativity will limit it:)

## Specification

Pay 18500$ in ETH, to the DrGorilla.eth ENS, every FC, for 6FC (ie: same action as in previous FC)

## Rationale

Why keeping the ape?
DrGorilla.eth has now been an active contributor in Juicebox for quite some time (a year?). He has been involved with testing V2, answering 2 audits, finding new bugs , addressing them,  developing new functionalities, answering code4arena findings, coding new extensions, etc. He can therefore be seen as at ease in Juicebox-V2 code and mechanisms, which is much needed, in order to safely ship additional features. 

Why keeping the payout unchanged?
After an informal contributor poll and a quick research (data easily available on Twitter, other DAO’s forums, Google), this salary is expected for a solidity developer with a similar experience level as DrGorilla.
On top of that, DrGorilla is not here to fuck around.

## Risks

DrGorilla might disappear, stop producing quality code (potentially leading to a loss of treasury fund) or just start being an overall jerk.

## Timeline

This proposal should immediately take effect.
