
```plain text
Author: gulan
Date: (2022-07-29)
```

## Thesis

Continue to compensate gulan.eth for bookkeeping related tasks.

## Motivation

I manage the bookkeeping related tasks. Including the managing of the master file, the creation of config files per funding cycle, providing guidance to proposal authors to ensure clarity and executability, and all other tasks that are required to ensure the will of the DAO in bookkeeping related matters.

## Specification

Continue to pay $2k per FC from FC#28 to FC34 for Juicebox DAO’s v1 Treasury.

Pay as onetime amount of 4k for FC#26 and FC#27.

A one time payout of 2 mil jbx from multisig reserves.

All payouts to gulan.eth

## Rationale

I have managed bookkeeping for more than 6 months and the specification continues that compensation. I did no receive payouts for FC#26 or FC#27. The one time JBX compensation futher alligns my incentives to the overall health of the DAO. As bookkeeper I generally try to avoid snapshot voting as doing so may put strain on persons who I otherwise attempt to advise, and avoid even the appearance of any type of maliciousness in the execution of bookkeeping. As a result of this, I have not fully participated in airdrops. I was also not included in the 1 mil airdrop in JBP-153.

## Risks

I could stop doing the work or the money could go to something better or in a treasury. The juicebox runway is of great concern to me and recurring payouts are the largest cost for juicebox’s operation.

## Timeline

FC$28
