
```plain text
Author:gulan
Date: (2022-07-29)
```

## Thesis

Reimburse Jango $4,320.44 for DAO subscriptions. 

Authorize future reimbursements for Figma, Gitbook, and Ghost. 

Require future reimbursements to be formally authorized by proposal.

## Motivation

Jango has personally paid $4230.44 for the subscriptions on Figma, Gitbook and Ghost. The receipts can be found here: [https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/14UPhO7kQo49LNOHqbODZNhp7UlgmKK5m?usp=sharing](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/14UPhO7kQo49LNOHqbODZNhp7UlgmKK5m?usp=sharing)

Juicebox currently does not have a process for regular subscription reimbursement’s. In the past some reimbursements have been informally approved. This proposal hopes to improve transparency and record keeping. 

## Specification

Jango’s payout for FC#28 will be increased by 4,320.44. 

In the future, whoever pays the subscription of Figma, Gitbook, and Ghost, sends a receipt to the bookkeeper, and the bookkeeper verifies the receipt to the best of their ability, the bookkeeper shall add the the reimbursement as a line item to the payees address via the juicebox funding cycle config file.

The multisig should not create or approve any reimbursements that are not specifically authorized via the proposal process.

## Rationale

Jango is already paid on a funding cycle basis and and reimbursing him in the same way will be easy for the dao to send and easy for jango to receive.

## Risks

There may be some edge cases where a reimbursement is required faster then the funding cycle permits. If such a case arises their are emergency governance options available.

## Timeline

 ASAP if passed via snapshot.
