# JBP-241 - Grant 50k $JBX to each Buidl Guidl Hackathon Team
```plain text
Author: Nicholas
Date: 2022-07-19
```

## Thesis

Grant 50,000 $JBX from the dao.jbx.eth multisig to each team that submitted a project to the Buidl Guild hackathon.

## Motivation

This proposal’s intent is to reward participants for building in the Juicebox ecosystem. A small JBX grant to each team will diversify governance power and increases these active builders’ sense of belonging in the JBDAO community. 

To be eligible for the JBX grant, teams will have to fill out a hackathon feedback form. Teams that do not fill out the form will not be eligible for the distribution.

By measuring the grant recipient’s participation in future votes, we will also be able to test whether hackathon participation is a meaningful qualifier for receiving JBX grants in future. This will be relevant information if we run more hackathons and give JBX rewards in future.

## Specification

- Create a feedback form for hackathon participants ([done](https://notionforms.io/forms/post-hackathon-questionnaire)). 

- Teams that complete the form (at least one member) by the end of FC#27 will be eligible for the 50k JBX airdrop. @Zom_bae and @nicholas will keep track of who has filled out the form and will communicate this information to the multisig at the end of FC#27.

- Multisig distributes 50k JBX to each project that has fulfilled the above criterion during FC#28.

Nine teams participated; the max distribution is 450K $JBX. JBDAO multisig has 213M $JBX.

Failure state: If for any reason this proposal is not executed before the end of FC#29, this proposal is canceled and the JBX is de-allocated. 

## Risks

- We could mess up the distribution transaction

- Participants could insta-liquidate the JBX

- Participants could not participate in governance

- Reserved list members could feel slighted

## Timeline

Multisig should execute the transaction to distribute 50k $JBX to each team that has completed the feedback form at the start of FC#28. Zom and Nicholas will communicate this list to the multisig at the end of FC#27.
