# JBP-237 - Gas multisig reimbursements
```plain text
Author: gulan
Date: (2022-07-29)
```

## Thesis

Authorize the bookkeeper to reimburse gas fee’s spent by the multisig to execute transactions. Add gulan to the multisig to create the reimbursement transactions.

## Motivation

There is no formal policy for gas reimbursements by the multisig. We should formally authorize the bookkeeper to continue to reimburse gas fees.

## Specification

From time to time the bookkeeper shall review the eth fee’s incurred by dao’s multisig and reimburse the fee’s incurred by the addresses in eth. 

- The bookkeeper shall calculate the total eth required for reimbursement and then convert into dollars.

- The bookkeeper shall add the required amount of dollars to be sent to the mutlsig address.

- The bookkeeper or other member of the multisig shall then create a transaction from gnosis to reimburse the required parties the correct amount.

- The multisig then signs and executes the transaction.

Add gulan as bookkeeper to the multisig so they can create reimbursement transactions. Gulan will not sign transactions and will not contribute to quorum %. Vote requirements in gnosis shall remain the same.

## Rationale

There is no formal policy in place for the reimbursement of gas fees for multisig members for multisig executed transactions. This process formalizes the existing process and adds gulan to the multisig as an additional option in transaction creation and will ensure the tracking of transaction status’s and records.

## Risks

The preferred address of the user may change. 

The price of ETH could change between configuration and execution resulting in either too much or too little eth being sent to the multisig for reimbursement. Like all multisig transfer, this will either require the multisig to use unallocated funds from the multisig wallet to cover the increase, or create unallocated funds that sit in the mutisig wallet that could be better utilized in the treasury or other investments.

## Timeline

 ASAP if passed via snapshot
