# JBP-252 - 100TM Contest Prize Improvement
```plain text
Author: Kingjhon.eth
Date: 2022/08/26
```

## Thesis

_100TM is having a contest worth 1 ETH on the jokeDAO platform. Considering the contest is aiming to engage and support communities in the JB ecosystem and potentially bring in more, We would like to ask for 1 extra ETH to the winning project from the JB treasury._

## Motivation

_100TM is a project focused on creating sustainable cities, and one thing a sustainable city needs is creativity! You can learn more about us and our mission in our_[ _notion_](/8ed34651d345446b9d239dd4027b8841) _and_ [_discord_](https://discord.gg/fU2CcrhQ)_. In the web3 space there's no crowd more creative than JB, so we feel like supporting projects in the JB ecosystem to leverage both our and their growth is going to be to the benefit of everyone involved._

**context:**

100TM is an initiative toward leveling up the standard of living for everyone. We're designing Earth Cities that are nature-focused with sustainability at its core. The cities of the future are nothing without creative people and solutions. So we want to supercharge them.

We believe that communities should have self-governance mechanics, so we're choosing the winner by giving voting tokens to anyone who verifies and sends their wallet address in our Discord.

The community projects will be submitted to [@jokedao_](https://twitter.com/jokedao_) 
The deadline for submissions is Sep 8th.

After submissions are closed, you'll be able to vote on the projects you want us to invest. Just join our Discord to get the voting tokens.

As voting is an essential part of governance, all voters for the winning project will get to participate in a raffle for 0.1 ETH, so make sure to vote! Voting starts Sep 8th, winner gets announced on sep 10th!

The winner also gets a spotlight on the [@100tmln](https://twitter.com/100tmln) server, for an AMA session on Sept 10th to tell us what their project is all about. That's when we'll hold the raffle for the voters so be there!

## Specification

Multisig should deposit 1 ETH on the winning project’s treasury.

## Rationale

_That’s how we execute the proposal._

## Risks

_Contest might be a flop._

## Timeline

_Proposal should be a one time only payment on September 10th_
