# JBP-278 - Renew Felixander’s Recurring Payout
Author: Felixander
Date: 2022-10-24

## Thesis:

Renew Felixander’s recurring payout of $3,000 per funding cycle, concluding at FC#41.

## Abstract:

Juicebox has produced excellent content in the past several months that it didn’t have before. Due to the addition of new content creators since my time starting here, we are in the amazing position of regularly having high-quality and informative content being produced and shipped. An area where content creation is lacking, however, is around building the bannyverse brand and characters, and forging partnerships, artistic and otherwise, to drive distribution of the amazing content that we regularly produce. I will build out the bannyverse to grow artistically rich and off the wall, and will create partnerships that both build our brand as well as bring readers and hopefully project creators into our ecosystem.

## Motivation:

This recurring payout renewal will allow Felixander to work on these projects with 100% of his energy.

## Risks:

Me not delivering on the work, me not securing partnerships or building the brand, me moving to Hawaii and drinking pina coladas rather than responding to discord messages.

## Specification:

Extend Felixander’s payout for seven more funding cycles, expiring at FC#41.

## Rationale & examples of work:

In the previous recurring payout period, I have delivered a lot of content ranging from project profiles, project configuration guides, zany artistic banny stuff like the comic I made in conjunction with Burtula, some short fiction, and some short audio files profiling projects. A list of all of my work this past payout period can be found [here](/4cbccc86206842a192c9cea87370e755). (Still happy and plan to produce content like this from time to time btw, just refocusing my role to where I can make greater impact.)

With this proposal I will pivot my energy to lean heavily into two areas I’m passionate about: artistic expression in bannyverse and driving distribution by forging partnerships with other communities, which is currently a critical need at JB. By producing excellent bannyverse content, and building out the bannyverse in ways that grab attention, and are just downright awesome, we can build the banny brand and drive eyeballs to JB. Examples of this include but are not limited to creating a bannyverse short fiction series, producing more comics and art in partnership with ComicsDAO and other web3 organizations, creating NFT sale opportunities of bannyverse lore/bannies, and creating hype around the bannyverse and banny as a mascot, dropping sick memes, and so on. In this vein I have already made some headway, creating the banny comic with Burtula (edition 2 is in the works, and edition 1 will be featured as a ComicsDAO ad page), and manning the banny twitter, who has been bouncing around the twittersphere for the last few weeks. I’ve also produced a number of banny memes, and look forward to making them even more ridiculous as time goes on. I’m also keen on a bannyverse advent calendar via nouns-style NFT banny sale, and I’ve got a ton of other ideas that I can’t wait to pursue and bring to fruition. The goal of this, beyond simply creating amazing art, is also to bring people into the JB ecosystem, where they can access our community and our amazing content and newsletter. On the distribution side I also plan to reach out to other orgs and media to hype projects, like defifa, to try to generate press and engagement for JB.

## Gratitude:

Putting my efforts into more artistic and forging-partnerships directions is a dream come true for me. Feeling like the DAO has my back and entrusts me with such an important role means a lot to me. The open and honest feedback from you all in temp check means a lot to me, too. I can’t tell you how happy I am to move in this direction should the DAO support me on this, and how seriously I am committed to growing JB and the bannyverse. Thank you all for your support!
