# JBP-249 - Recurring payout for translation multisig
```plain text
Author: Zotico
Date: 2022-08-12
```

## Thesis

With the new guidelines ([link](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1y0SyTL89M3Hek_RRugng6T0jpJd1uoBR1q3rLZchmkM/edit?usp=sharing)) for translation, the amounts paid to translators in each cycle should not exceed $1,000. The proposal is for this amount to be deposited each cycle in the multisig translation wallet so that payments can be made.

## Motivation

With the approval of the budget proposal, we will make translation spending more predictable, which will help manage DAO's resources.

Bearing in mind the recent discussions on translation, we created a new guidelines document together with the translator community and other process change proponents, in order to arrive at a more efficient process. These changes are in the document ([link](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1y0SyTL89M3Hek_RRugng6T0jpJd1uoBR1q3rLZchmkM/edit?usp=sharing)).

With these changes, spending on translations becomes more predictable, which allows us to improve the process and reduce the burden of financial management. The total cost for the work performed by the translators should not exceed $1000 per cycle. If translators produce more than $1000 in one cycle, the remaining amount will be paid in later cycles, respecting the rules described in the guidelines. This proposal is for the value to be added as a recurring payment of $1000 per cycle to the multisig. This money will be used for translation expenses, and can be audited more easily than in the previous process, observing the movement in the multisig (0x835F397D5cD21eBAe820FDC3fc6eAC98520534ee).

## Specification

A payout of $1000 to the multisig: 0x835F397D5cD21eBAe820FDC3fc6eAC98520534ee per 14 cycle.

## Rationale

This way of managing makes the costs more predictable, while maintaining incentives to production. I believe it this is the simplest way to keep costs at a predictable since it will just be another payment included in future cycles.

## Risks

This budget limitation can cause a the payment to a translator who translates a lot in one cycle to take a few cycles to be paid in full and this will incur a long-term “debt” to the DAO.

## Timeline

This proposal shall take effect as from its approval and end within the defined period.
