# JBP-243 - Reduce Recurring Payout to filipv
```plain text
Author: filipv
Date: 2022-08-12
```

## Thesis

Reduce the recurring payout to filipv.eth from 8000 USD/FC to 6000 USD/FC. 

## Motivation

- I strongly believe it is in the best interest of the Juicebox protocol for me to support the development of Movement, which is being built upon the Juicebox protocol. Not only will this proliferate the Juicebox protocol and decentralize its frontend—it will allow me to more earnestly approach focus areas which I believe are important for the future of the Juicebox protocol (which would not be as useful when applied to current offerings).

- Some of the work I have done for Juicebox in the past (including some work related to governance, tooling, and bookkeeping) is either completed, no longer necessary, or managed by other DAO members (this is a great thing).

TO BE CLEAR: I will still be contributing to Juicebox DAO. Juicebox is not paying me to work on Movement. This payout is for the continued work I will be doing for Juicebox DAO.

## Specification

- Remove the [JuiceboxDAO v1](https://etherscan.io/enslookup-search?search=filipv.eth) payout to filipv.eth ([`0x30670d81e487c80b9edc54370e6eaf943b6eab39`](https://etherscan.io/enslookup-search?search=filipv.eth)).

- Add a 6000 USD/FC payout to filipv.eth ([`0x30670d81e487c80b9edc54370e6eaf943b6eab39`](https://etherscan.io/enslookup-search?search=filipv.eth)) to [JuiceboxDAO](https://juicebox.money/@juicebox)’s v2 treasury.

## Risks

- This may not be the best utilization of time.

- This endeavor favors the long-term over the short term.

- I may fail to perform.

## Timeline

This payout should be removed in FC#36. 

_Note: This proposal supersedes JBP-205._
