# JBP-245 - Recurring payout for Lexicon Devils
```plain text
Author: Lexicon Devils
Date: 2022-08-11
```

## Thesis

Lexicon Devils proposes that our team continue to manage The Juicebox Lounge and
Learning Center and run a monthly scheduled series of events. Our management would include curating voxel experiences and continued modular design of the parcel as well as continue running FORMING as a monthly musicial event in Voxels and other Metaverse platforms.

## Motivation

The Lexicon Devils team consists of metaverse architects, graphic designers, 3D artists, and musicians capable of utilizing multi-mediums and platforms to promote Juicebox
Protocol with continued events, parties, and interactive experiences that can demonstrate specific capabilities of the protocol and introduce more Web3 enthusiasts. We also want to create enjoyable events for the Juicebox community to hang out at and provide NFT merch to wear and share.

## Abstract:

Lexicon Devils has built, designed and curated the Metaverse headquarters for
Juicebox Protocol. We have continued to update, alter and manage the space along
with hosting regular events featuring art shows and live streamed musical
performances. We want to use the space to continuously promote ongoing Juicebox news, media and events and use FORMING to allow us to run events there and other Metaverse platforms that relate back to the Juicebox protocol.

## Rationale

**What have we done?**

3 Events each month with opening/closing nights featuring DJ’s and Twitter Spaces interviews and a main event musician booked each month. We continuously improved the Juicebox HQ parcel and installed a replica of the Morgenstern’s location coinciding with the Juicebox NFTNYC event. We created our FORMING series, paying out 5 artists using Juicebox with original animations, music and production.

**What are we going to do?**

Lexicon Devils is a team of 7 creatives and promoters operating at a collective total of 110 hrs a week. This $6600 will be for compensating time, energy and labor. We will be putting 3 ETH into the FORMING Juicebox (Varied amounts each time to encourage participation) over the funding cycle and experimenting with NFT Rewards for additional crowd funding of each FORMING pay cycle. We have recently acquired parcels across various other Metaverse platforms, we want to expand FORMING events to run across those and increase the overall exposure to Juicebox as a tool that can be useful to groups in any Metaverse. We will continue updating the Voxels parcel. 

## Risks

Lack of attendance to some events / indirect, ambient value that doesn't materialize in
direct engagement with the Juicebox protocol. We fail to do our jobs, maintaining a continuous timeline of events.

## Specification

Continued bi weekly payments of ETH valued at US $6600 into the Lexicon Devil’s Juicebox. 

## Timeline

As soon snapshot vote passes. 
