# JBP-247 - Renew recurring payout for zhape.eth
```plain text
Author: zhape.eth
Date: 2022-08-10
```

## Thesis

To renew the recurring payout and reserved token beneficiary for zhape.eth.

## Motivation

I have made some contributions to the DAO since my recurring payout was approved, and I hope I can go on contributing to Juicebox DAO and be a part of the contributor family. 

## Specification

Pay zhape.eth US$1500 in equivalent of ETH each Funding Cycle, for 6 FCs.

## Rationale

### What I’ve done during this payout period：

- As I personally feel that the weekly Town Hall meeting is one of best windows to get the most up-to-date information about the current situation of our DAO and the Juicebox protocol,  I have been compiling a summary / transcript of the Town Hall, and trying to make the content more reader friendly by adding some relevant images, links or other contexts. What I have done about this can be found here:  [https://hackmd.io/@zhape/jbx_town_hall_archive](https://hackmd.io/@zhape/jbx_town_hall_archive)

- And considering that we have a quite large base of Chinese speaking members, I have also been making a Chinese version of Town Hall recap, sharing it in the CN channel, so that anyone who is interested can also have some ideas about what our community has been up to lately.  The history of all the recaps can be found here: [https://discord.com/channels/775859454780244028/935431085561630721/978201195774619668](https://discord.com/channels/775859454780244028/935431085561630721/978201195774619668)

- Some of the Chinese translations to blog posts have been finished for a long time, but they have been lying in the database without being uploaded to our website for actual use. I proofread some of them, complied them into Markdown format, before committed and pushed them onto our GitHub repository so that they are now synced on our website. The ones I have proofread and uploaded can be found here: [https://www.notion.so/juicebox/6396660ce0b541069716b9f0782968bc?v=766b0977b1e94fddb8d71bcdd8298277](https://www.notion.so/juicebox/6396660ce0b541069716b9f0782968bc?v=766b0977b1e94fddb8d71bcdd8298277)

- Acted as a moderator in the CN channels, but due to the current market conditions, there have not been too many activities in the Chinese community, so there have not been too much work in this respect. 

### What I am going to do：

- Keep doing the compiling of Town Hall recap, if this job’s recognized as useful by the DAO.

- Compiling a Chinese version of Town Hall recap, which is not a simple translation to the English one, but instead a kind of story telling in my own words, so hopefully will be more acceptable to our Chinese speaking members. Actually I have been experimenting this model for a few Funding Cycles.

- Keep working towards making the Chinese content as high quality as I can:

	- Help making sure any new Chinese translator are capable of proper translation before they can claim a job, because except for language skills, they need to at least roughly understand the mechanism of Juicebox so as to understand properly the docs or blog posts.

	- Do one more step of proofreading to the finished jobs as I have been doing above, as some of the jobs are done poorly even with a revision mechanism at this moment. As it seems we don’t have extra budget for this proofreading, I am willing to give up any extra pay for this.

	- Help uploading the finished translations onto [info.juicebox.money](http://info.juicebox.money).

	- Try to help improve the work flow of Chinese translation.

- Keep working as a moderator of CN channel, to answer questions of CN members or help them get questions answered, help proposal drafting and/or project onboarding if there is any. (Although under the current market condition, there still might not be too many activities in the near future.)

- Any other work that might be fruitful for the DAO. 

  

## Risks

I am not as responsible for my job, or I fail to deliver what I promised.

## Timeline

If approved, this proposal will take effect from FC #29, and end on FC#35.
