
 
```plain text
Author: Jango
Date: (2020-07-15)
```

## Thesis

The new Juicebox protocol is public and already being used by over a hundred projects. As much as I’d like for the work to be complete so I can move on to building _on_ the protocol instead of building out the protocol itself, recent efforts to audit/secure the codebase, create well-known procedures to migrate a project’s ops between treasury versions, and create templates for its extension have proven the time for that is not yet now. 

JuiceboxDAO should continue investing in vulnerability mitigation, the ability for projects to evolve given the availability of new features and the exposition of new risks, and the documentation of extensions through examples deployed to production to solve real needs. I’d like to continue leading these efforts alongside our cast of developers and communicators, and would appreciate support from the DAO inline with how it has been supporting over this past chapter, both financially and in work throughput (shouts DrGorilla and all other engineers for being such good partners for testing and prepping ideas for show time).

## Motivation

The development of the protocol is headed in the right direction and I’m optimistic that we’re tending towards stability and self-serving documentation and operations. My goal is to get us there safely and with broad alignment from the Juicebox community. The motivation for this proposal is out of necessity to adhere to the DAO’s governing guidelines, I’d like for the DAO to continue entrusting me to work towards a point where my work is no longer needed, whatever that takes. Any momentary expansion of responsibilities and workload is with this goal in mind.

## Specification

Continue payouts of $21k per FC to project #55 from the Juicebox DAO’s v2 treasury.

## Rationale

It’s been working so far. This allocation has thus far supported the construction and deployment of the Juicebox V2 protocol, the Juicebox technical documentation, the mitigation of consequences from discovered bugs and inefficiencies, and the transition of ops from our v1 treasury to our v2 treasury. 

## Risks

It’s a lot of money that could be better spent elsewhere, or kept in reserves to spend at later times.

## Timeline

As soon as possible.
