
 
```plain text
Author: Tankbottoms.eth
Date: 2022-07-15

```

## Thesis

Renew Tankbottoms' $16,000 recurring payout until FC#30 to support efforts in the following arenas: frontend, backend, smart contract development, ux designs, application features, and legal support both with dao, its law firm and with online documentation.

- continued design and UX work regards to additional features for the Juicebox application

- continued development of NFT tooling both UX and Cloud Functions

- continued development of NFT, multi-token treasury smart contracts

- continued development of 3rd party payment processing service for Juicebox contributions (to result in a new treasury for fiat onramp fees)

- continued development of Legal Resources online documents and materials

- continued development of on-chain Banny for veBanny and Bannyverse - [https://app.bannyverse.xyz](https://app.bannyverse.xyz/) for the Bannyverse application

- continued support of legal opinion, agreements and other legal documents for the DAO, and for its members.

## Motivation

Juicebox needs Tank because he provides value in UX, front-end design, back-end cloud functions and smart contracts. Tankbottoms additionally understand legal documents and statues and applies this knowledge to support legal efforts by the service provider for the DAO, documents and templates the DAO may use and distribute to its members, and ultimately provide a legal resources section to info.juicebox.money.

## Specification

Distribute $16,000 USD worth of ETH to tankbottoms.eth each funding cycle.

## Rationale

Over the last 6 funding cycles, tankbottoms has worked with the dao-lawfirm.eth to better focus the legal arguments and rational for the DAO and its onboarding of its contributors for a legal opinion letter. Tankbottoms has been contributing (with natasha-pankina.eth leading on the UX) within Figma for the Juicebox application from restructuring how the treasury tooling expands to additional features, vesting, nft creation (images, music, p5.js, video), nft marketplace, nft on-chain tooling, off-chain tooling (represented in cloud functions), non-metamask account access, 3rd party payment processing, and Ethereum purchasing.

Tankbottoms has also been writing a new Legal Resources section for info.juicebox.money which breaks out all the types of project types, incorporated or unincorporated, to include descriptions, templates, and downloadable resources to better help projects understand how to structure their projects.

Tankbottoms developed and supported the work with the dataSourceDelegate handling DAI treasuries, nft rewards, payment tiers, tokenUriResolver for both onchain assets and off-chain assets, Banny onchain assets for veBanny, Bannyverse, as well as the BannyVerse.xyz application.

There certainly are other things forgotten since this is being written 30 mins before the submission cutoff.

Stuff to look at.

- [nft creation workflows](https://bleeding-edge.juicebox.wtf/minter)

- [sign-on, Ethereum wallet auto-creation](https://identity-6f036.web.app/)

- [figma ux designs](https://bit.ly/3OZjKB4)

- [app.bannyverse.xyz](https://app.bannyverse.xyz/)

- [github bannyverse.xyz](https://github.com/tankbottoms/bannyverse-app)

- [vebanny on-chain](https://rinkeby.looksrare.org/collections/0x4c1d6F380419a5Dd599126e22dcf1638FE6d40b2)

- [github banny-on-chain](https://github.com/tankbottoms/vebanny-bannyverse-on-chain)

- [legal supplement](https://github.com/jbx-protocol/juice-docs-v2/tree/feature/legal-supplement)

- [additional upcoming potential JB features](https://github.com/cptspacecadet/juice-contracts-v2/branches)

Over the next 6 funding cycles, Tankbottoms will ...

- develop the full nft cloud function processing backend

- continue development of the nft creation workflow

- ship veBanny on-chain resources and assets

- support any additional nft efforts for the DAO

- finish Legal Resources section for info.juicebox.money

- help dao-lawfirm.eth deliver all the opinion letters

- work on a website which allows for credit/debit card payments to Juicebox projects

- possibly figure out a legal framework for the DAO and its partners

## Risks

- Massive payout, especially since Ethereum is tanking. (see what I wrote)

- Keeping payouts in the v1 treasury may increase managerial/bookkeeping work.

- Tankbottoms may do nothing and the DAO gets no meaningful value from the payout, or worse, Tankbottoms stirs shit and creates more distractions which causes the DAO to expend more resources to managing the ensuing cluster.

- Tankbottoms is a complete idiot.

## Timeline

Unless superceded by another proposal, remove this payout to tankbottoms.eth in FC#30.
